let go
How is that possible?
Why does the female handsome care about my Su family?
Su Family Treason
Female handsome no matter who can manage
Su Xiaolan, now everyone else in your Su family is dead
You still don't know how to offend the Lord
Drag it down and be executed
Return to Yang without a mother
adult
I'm wrong, I'm blind
I really didn't know you were a big shot
All of this is
Hahaha ah.
You didn't seduce me
I beg you
Please forgive me
Su Xiaolan, you made something happen just now
When he killed his son with his own hands
Have you thought about the scene just now?
Don't worry, I will keep you alive.
How is that possible?
Is this Mu Guiying really an expert?
Chu Shao doesn't know what to do with this
I want to take back everything from him
Finally, I stripped him of the title of Wu Zhuangyu
To be demoted to the common people is